Qutrit Rotations #4 (TRZ) (#2847)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  given subspace.
  [(#2846)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2846)

> * Added the `TRZ` qutrit rotation operator, which allows applying a Z rotation on a
>   given subspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `TRZ` qutrit rotation operation, which allows applying a Z rotation on a
  given two-dimensional subspace.
```
